(lighthearted music)
- Hi friends!
Thank you so much for tuning in
in CookwithApril on Tasty Tuesdays!
Today we are going to
make Heath cookie bars
or Heath cookies.
I couldn't sleep the other
night, so I made them. (laughs)
And they turned out pretty delicious,
so I hope you stay tuned!
The first step is to pre-heat
your oven to 350 degrees
and, while your oven is
preheating, chop some walnuts.
I am chopping about two cups of walnuts.
That might sound a lot,
but I love walnuts,
but you are free to use less or more.
And then you are going
to place your walnuts
in a cup or a bowl.
And then add the whole eight
ounce bag of Heath toffee bits
and mix the toffee and
the walnuts together.
Now let's work on the cookie.
You're gonna crack two eggs.
And then you're gonna add
two sticks of melted butter on top.
And then you are going to mix in
a cup and a half of sugar gradually.
And I'm using an electrical
mixer to mix everything together
and then I'm adding a teaspoon
of pure vanilla extract.
Again, I'm using my electrical mixer
and mixing that together.
Next I'm going to add two
and half cups of flour,
as well as one teaspoon of baking soda
that has been sifted together.
And I'm adding it gradually.
Then I'm gonna add the
toffee as well as the walnuts
gradually as well.
And I'm mixing it with a wooden spoon.
Then I'm gonna place the
cookie mixture, or the batter,
into the fridge for 30
minutes for it to harden,
or even an hour.
And once it has hardened,
you can roll your cookies
and place it on a cookie sheet,
or a Silpat sheet as well,
which is fantastic.
And make sure you give
your cookies enough space
'cause these cookies spread.
As you can see,
it's all done after baking
for 8 to 10 minutes.
Alright, so the cookies are ready!
Do you want to try it?
- Heck yeah!
mmm.
- You like it?
- Did you put walnuts in here?
- I did.
- It's so good!
(laughs)
- Mm, oh man.
I love that they're so chewy.
They're like the perfect consistency.
- Thank you!
- mmmm.
- Since I'm taste-testing it today too,
I noticed I feel like it
needs more toffee bits
- Really?
- [April] Do you think that?
- No, I think it's pretty good.
- I added the whole bag of toffee bits,
but I feel like I could've even added more
'cause in every bite, I
wanna taste the toffee.
But, that's just my personal
preference. (laughs)
- I think it's perfect.
- Thank you!
Thank you friends so much
for watching Tasty Tuesday!
I hope you tune in next Tuesday again!
And it would mean so much to me
if you subscribe to CookwithApril
as well as my beauty, fashion,
do it yourself channel,
AprilAthena7.
Have a beautiful day!
Bye!
- Bye!
(lighthearted music)